in today's video we will go through the
events of 2018's action horror
the first purge spoilers ahead you have
been warned make sure to give this video
a thumbs up
comment on what your favorite part was
and subscribe to our channel for more
at the beginning of the movie a lunatic
drug addict named skeletor
is interviewed by an nffa employee
skeletor announces his desire to purge
himself
to which the employee says that he soon
will be able to purge
america is going through an unemployment
and housing crisis
with the economy declining rapidly the
american citizens have started to
protest
several riots take place in the streets
all over the country
during such times people have stopped
believing in both the republican and
democratic parties the situation has led
to the rise of a third political party
called the new founding fathers of
america nffa
the party leader is the u.s president
bracken who promises to lead america
through this crisis
and make it better for them nffa plans
to conduct
an extreme social experiment the
experiment will be taking place on
staten island
where for 12 hours the people will be
allowed to do
anything they want no crimes will be
illegal
in fact it is suggested that you go
around performing various illegal
activities
people have started calling the
experiment a purge
anyone who decides to stay on the island
during the experiment will be
compensated five thousand dollars
further additional compensation will be
provided to those who join the purge and
survive
all the participants are being
interviewed before the experiment
so that their mental status after it can
be analyzed
they also outfit the participants with
contact lens cameras to monitor all
activity
and put tracking devices in them so they
will know if they try to leave the
island
many residents are protesting the
experiment many leave the island not to
be a part of it
naya and her brother isaiah live in a
tiny apartment they have financial
problems but are working their way
through life naya believes in hard work
and the betterment of their community
still her ex-boyfriend and friend
dimitri is the leader of a drug network
nya protests against the purge meanwhile
dmitry doesn't want to move large
amounts of drugs and money out of the
island at once
so he asks his dealers to stay low
during it one of the dealers named
capital a wants to participate in the
purge but dimitri being the leader puts
him in his place
meanwhile nya's brother isaiah starts to
sell drugs in the streets to make ends
meet
the lunatic drug addict from the
beginning of the movie skeletor
comes to him they get into an argument
and skeletor slices isaiah's throat
wounding him
at home nya notices isaiah's injury she
is shocked to know that her brother was
involved in dealing
she rushes to dimitri and warns him
about letting isaiah get into the
business like him
dmitry on the other hand did not know
about the incident he invites naya and
isaiah to stay with him during the purge
for their safety
but naya refuses isaiah 2 intends to
participate in the purge
he registers for it it is an hour before
the purge officially starts
the island's church is one of the safest
places so it is full of people wanting
to stay
safe naya along with her friends dolores
luiza and selena
she calls isaiah who lies to her about
going out of town
on the last bus meanwhile he is in his
room preparing to participate in the
purge
he intends to kill skeletor who had
attacked him earlier
he applies the camera lenses to his eyes
and prepares a gun
dimitri stays behind in his office to be
safe the whole country watches as
president bracken announces the start of
the first purge
the sirens blare on the island isaiah
moves out of the building
several drones fly over the island to
broadcast the situation
skeletor gets ready to start his purge
one of the citizens is trying to loot
money from an atm
when skeletor suddenly appears behind
him he stabs the man to death and yells
at nffa
that this is only the first murder of
the night the officials get hands on the
footage of the murder and broadcast it
meanwhile capital a and some of his men
decide to join the purge despite dimitri
telling them not to
he decides to overthrow dimitri and take
over his business
dmitry gets a call from one of his men
telling him that capital a is not at
work
the man also sends him two prostitutes
named anna and elsa
isaiah walks along the streets looking
for skeletor when he comes across two
women
who have set traps of explosives for fun
he runs away from there safely robberies
are happening across the islands
along with several loud parties the
officials are disappointed to see this
as opposed to the murder and violence
they had expected
isaiah is taken to one of those parties
by his friends
meanwhile the footage of skeletor's
first kill goes viral
skeletor arrives at the party as well
one of the girls there starts dancing
with him
he stabs her to death but no one in the
crowd notices
then he moves on to another woman and
stabs her too
skeletor starts killing everyone he gets
his hands on
as he repeatedly stabs a man people
notice and run away from the party
isaiah on the other hand points his gun
at skeletor
but he is too scared to shoot so he runs
away too
meanwhile demetri's friend brings the
prostitutes named anna and elsa to keep
him busy for the night
the girls start to drink and get high
the three of them are together when
suddenly
one of the girls attacks him they begin
to fight
someone had sent them to kill dimitri
dimitri narrowly saves himself and asks
them who it was
it turns out capital a had sent them
bribing them with a lot of money to get
rid of dimitri
he sets out with his men to find capital
a
skeletor follows isaiah he is injured
and hides in someone's house
just then nya calls him and he gives her
his location
nya goes out to save her brother she is
walking on the streets when someone from
a utility hole
attacks her and tries to assault her
sexually but she manages to escape
when she reaches the address isaiah gave
her skeletor finds her and tries to rape
her
but isaiah comes to her aid and saves
her meanwhile dimitri uses the
prostitutes to bring capital a
into his trap dimitri and his gang
ambush capital a
and kill all his men except for anna and
elsa who are told to never return to
staten island
in the nffa headquarters arlo sabian the
chief of staff
is distressed to see that people aren't
dying the scientist dr may updale
assures him that the point of the
experiment
is to study human behavior so the
killings do not matter
but arlo has to pay a lot of money if
those people
survive people notice several men in
masks and disguises suddenly taking part
in several robberies
violence and murders dr may is
suspicious of the sudden rise in
violence
dmitry and his friend are driving back
to their office when a truck
hits them dimitri is injured but his
friend dies in the accident
the mass people start firing on him but
he manages to kill
all of them he then causes gang there
and realizes that the mass people are
not the citizens of the island
but mercenaries nya and isaiah walk back
to the church to see many white
supremacists killing people
outside it when they drive away the
siblings go in but are stopped by louisa
and selena
thankfully they have survived but
dolores is nowhere to be found
the four of them rushed to their
apartment after hearing gunshots nearby
after some investigation dr may finds
out that the masked people at midnight
actually entered the island to increase
the violence
she realizes to her horror that the mass
participants are trained mercenary
groups killing multiple civilians
she accuses arlo of killing innocent
civilians to show that the experiment
had been successful
arlo explains that he sent the
mercenaries not just to make the
experiment look successful
but to eventually help balance the
wealth disequilibrium amongst the rich
and the poor
doctor may protest that the nfa only
wants to eradicate the poor
to save the expense of the social
program seeing his corruption being
exposed
arlo sends dr may to the island he
executes her before erasing all footage
of the event
meanwhile dmitry and his gang get ready
to fight the masked mercenaries
they pack up several guns and explosives
and get on the streets to save their
island
naya isaiah luiza and selena come back
to nya's apartment to hide
when dolores arrives there too she had
gone after naya to check on her and lost
her phone
the group stays together in the
apartment the mercenaries and the
citizens are in a shootout
most of the citizens have been killed
when demetri and his gang come to their
aid
the fight and the shootout go on for a
while but the gang wins at the end
they find a headset on one of the
mercenaries someone from the nffa
is giving them the direction to crowded
areas of the island to go
and kill them they are now sure that all
this is nffa's plan to eradicate as many
civilians as possible
nya and the group see several trucks
arrive at their apartment building
many mercenaries come out of the trucks
they hide in the apartment not knowing
what else to do
meanwhile dmitry and the gang arrive
there too but the rest of the gang is
killed by the flying drones
dimitri sets out to the apartment to
save naya and the others
the mercenaries kill everyone from each
of the apartments one by one
dimitri manages to kill three of the
mercenaries then cuts off the building's
electricity
he then kills more of them in the dark
while proceeding to the 14th floor where
nya is
naya and the others prepare knives to
fight them louisa and selena hide in the
closet
while naya hides with a gun dolores and
isaiah hide with knives
ready to attack when the mercenaries
come in the group
kills them one of the mercenaries almost
shoots nia when dimitri comes for their
help
however a larger group of them now comes
towards the room dimitri makes everyone
hide in the closet but naya insists on
helping him
they both sit beside the door and look
at the group of mercenaries outside
through a mirror while being fired at
dimitri wants to go out to fight them
but naya stops him
they then take an explosive from one of
the dead mercenaries dmitry wants nyan
to throw it at them
as he shoots it to make it explode just
then skeletor arrives at the apartment
and starts slicing the mercenaries to
death
but they kill him as well taking this
chance nya throws the explosive
dimitri tries to shoot it but gets shot
himself
finally the explosive explodes violently
sending flames
everywhere the mercenaries die in the
explosion
naya and dimitri cover themselves with a
mattress and save themselves
finally the 12 hours are over
the sirens start to ring again and the
movie ends as we see the survivors of
the purge out in the streets together
everyone thanks dimitri for saving them
thanks for watching make sure to like
and comment on the video if you enjoyed
it
and subscribe to the channel to see more
of these movie summaries